When the command line opens, the program starts in the "home" directory. 
Use the "cd" command to find out location of the current directory. "cd filename" to go up a level. 
Cd stands for change directory. 
Use the dir command to see what files are in the current directory. 
type python to enable python in cmd. 
ctrl Z  to return to normal commands or quit()
Type the file name to open.	

Some high level terms for computer parts.
THe CPU is the the part of the computer that is built to be obsessed with "what is next?" if your computer
is rated at 3.0 Gigahertz, that menas the cpu will ask "what next" three billion times
second. 
The main memory stores infomration that the CPU needs in a hury. The main memory is nearly as fast as the CPU.
But the information stored in the main memory vanishes when the computer is turned off.
Secondary memory stores information, but it is much slower than the main memory. However it can store information even when no power is
being given to the computer. Like USB and flash dvds.
IO deveises are the screen, keyboard, mouse, microphone, speaker ect.
Network connections to retrieve info over a network. Networks can be though of as slwo place to store and 
retreive data that migh not always be there. 

Once quit() is called, no following commands will be called. 

The interpreter reads the source code of the program as written by the programmer. parses the source code, 
and interprets the instructions on the fly. A compiler needs to be handed the entrie program in a file. Then it runs 
a process to translate the hgih-level source code into machine language. 
These executable machine language programs have the suffic of .exe or .dll
standing for executable and dynamic link library. 

A syntax error is one that violates the "grammer" rules of python. 
A logic error is when the prgram has good syntax but a issue in order of execution, like reference to 
an undeclared value.
Semantic errors is wehn the description of the steps it takes is syntactically perfect and in the right
order, but there is a mistake in the program giving an uninteneded output. 